nothing like a good part of call
of duty
here we go
laughs what is it someone
still the stuff of dancing and the
part of stand-up so before
start i'm just going to cut the sound
story do not scream like a girl
a part of counter strike
it's okay they're exaggerating it does not have it so
old that it has a son frankly
they are not bad at all a game choose
my skyrim weapons
finally someone it's been two hours
I walk I had crossed person I
wondered if I was still in
the game
thierry cain of battlefield 4th finally
I saw an enemy ah no actually it's
a tree a part of resident evil 6
quietly resi walk takes your
time we are soon open to both
cops and a world behind me like we
turn around why can not I
go back there what does she do the
camera but way all the way
Royal
rider gta
of skyrim
I had worship and 87 others went
I go back there as the adventure continues
yeah you do not know the northern goose
it's a weird game they have to
beat drums four goals that
that's the goal and guy is a fucking
I even have a colleague four months
excellent like to keep too strong at sight
the goal then it was a year and a half
he went on the internet
this mortgage how's it going my name
who today we find ourselves on a
independent game that I love who
is called it's gone
you too enjoy video games
so good you
me if you liked but especially me
in the comments the game you prefer
the ouch who share this video about
social networks if you like games
video
a piece of gold and a bone of rats used to
fucking whore the egg item
as I missed fucking ohlala but he
must i call h ravi mapam believe
that I missed two or too many patients